	Continuing my talk about Philadelphia; I went to visit my brother with my mom for a few days, and I ended up coming out of it feeling like there really wasn't much for me in New Orleans. New Orleans is widely inaccessible to me since its so car-focused, but i feel like also the personality and relationship I've developed with the city, really just pushes me to not want to do much? Living in the 9th ward post Katrina is probably the biggest pain point of it, from almost day 1 of my life I've lived in the aftermath of an event that still shows its effects, there isn't a real sense of "place", there's overgrown lots, abandoned buildings, covering a large amount of the area- so i didn't go outside at all really. 

	It seems like Philly offered a different experience of the world, a different relationship with the place I may live, and being charmed by my brothers day-to-day didn't help either. I do have housing plans or intentions with people I know, but those are still centered in New Orleans, i feel like I'd be killing a part of myself by having the option and opportunity to leave, just to live in the same place.

	But to me the worst part is feeling like I have to leave so much behind, I cant bring all these people with me into that next phase of life if its lived anywhere else. (In General) I would need to find more/new people to talk to, new people to work with, but I dont really know if im able to. Many of the opportunities or situations I'm in now, dont feel like they were from "merit" but from just having a connection somewhere. So really my main goal is can I get my life together asap so I can move comfortably? Which isn't looking too good, job market sucks, im an art major, and in Louisiana- will I ever get my life together under these conditions? My brother, who works in HR, always says things would be better for me up there, because its not like those previously mentioned connections are really getting me anywhere since I work 10/hr.

	But for sure I'll visit again, hoping to find an internship of some sorts, stay there for a summer, and get a better handle on how I feel about it. 

	Also recently turned 21 on the 28th. -7*1